Add actions list page and integrate mockups (#11)
MediaComem/biopocket-mobile: docs/components/bip-menu-item.md

# `bip-menu-item` component

This component displays a menu item in the app's main menu, composed of a `bip-menu-item-icon` and a label.

> The label must be put inside the component's tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The label must be put inside the component's tag.
```

> Note that you can put any sort of HTML structure inside the component's tag, although it has not been designed to properly handle complex HTML structure.

## Attributes

| Name   | Type           | Details                                                                                                                                                       |
|:---    | :---           | :---                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `icon` | `MenuItemIcon` | An instance of `MenuItemIcon`. Each of its property, `name`, `color` and `bgColor` will be passsed to the underlying [`bip-menu-item-icon` component][bmiic]. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `icon` | `MenuItemIcon` | An instance of `MenuItemIcon`. Its `name`, `color` and `bgColor` properties will be passsed to the underlying [`bip-menu-item-icon` component][bmiic]. |
```
